	Starting off the placement I had to first report to revenue HR offices in Dublin Castle or Corporate Services Division to be exact. The main reason of this was to sign all the contracts but this is the first place I learned what my exact role entails and who I will be working with rather in a strange way as straight off the bat a senior member of CSD came by to state that two of the ten interns in the room would be working with closely with on an internal web application, one of which was me. Upon first entry to the building in Castle View where I will be based, a brief presentation followed along with a general tour around the building and then each intern would be split into their respective teams. The team I joined was the Programme Management Office or PMO for short which is a team of about thirty employees. An informal meet and greet with the team followed. The head of the PMO is Mairead Finn although the Product Support Team Leader, Alan Meade is the person I will be working closer with and reporting to. The main role of the PMO is developing and enhancing new and existing in house applications of all ranges. The continuous improvement team of the PMO then gave a PMO specific presentation with a Q & A session. The main basis of this was to show the knowledge base the team possess as the vast majority of the team are on non tech roles with job titles I would be unfamiliar with.
	As the first week progressed the other intern in PMO and I worked a lot closer to the main software developer, Donal. The project of which I will be working on with Donal and another intern was assigned in a meeting with Alan and Donal. A thirty page business requirement spec contained all the information for the scope of the project. It is an internal Revenue competition web application called RevCompetitions which will allow for a system of all six thousand revenue employees to apply internally for jobs with the ability to track applications throughout the whole process in the web application. There will be two sections, one for employees and one for admins in HR. The project will be using AngularJS in the front end and Java in the backend.  Such a project certainly gave me an overwhelming feeling with a lot of work output needed especially has I have no experience of AngularJS or even using Java in the backend. Alan made it clear to keep it simple as possible at the start to build on it as needed. There are also data protection issues which will need to be carefully considered. The requirement spec followed the priority system of MoSCoW analysis which I am familiar with and need to stick to.
The main majority of the first week was devoted to setting up the correct environment on the computers. It proved to be extremely time consuming as the software to get the correct servers aligned with the Spring framework IDE of which all Revenue projects are done on, again something I have never experienced before. So many rules, dependencies and exceptions to the firewall as well as just the general installation of both Spring and Wamp Server. Donal was needed to show all the intricacies of the system which I need to know as this may have to be done again. 
	There was another visit to CSD for a formal meeting with four members of the division in relation to the project where a run through of the current manual process they currently use for internal recruiting was given. It was interesting that the longer the meeting went on the greater the scope and requirements changed so until the definite requirements in the form of a functional requirements document are given is when I can get a clear picture of the required output.
	A huge amount of self-learning has been required with a lot of time spent trying to get a grasp of AngularJS amongst the other technologies being used. Many resources like videos and online tutorials have proved to be helpful to bring me up to speed so I can start developing as soon as possible.
	Weekly scrum meetings started on the second week to track progress and state what will be hoped to be achieved over the week.
	Weekly scrum meetings started on the second week to track progress and state what will be hoped to be achieved over the week. Five people were present in the first one and at this stage of the project learning is the main thing and getting up to speed is the main thing expected. Going forward Jira software will be used to aid these.
	The software developer sent over a list of tasks ranked in difficulty to be completed on current web applications which contain bugs currently in use internally in Revenue. The main aim is to aid in our learning of what I will be using for RevCompetitions as well as using Git to create branches, upload and merge our code where it will go live thus allowing me to gain prerequisite knowledge and confidence in all technologies. 
	Although I only managed to complete an odd few of the given tasks, just trying to fix these was a huge boost to my self-esteem. I spent days working through each one while trying to find a solution. Without fully grasping at the time I was gaining familiarity in the environment and the huge amount of different files used to build these.  When an error was found I went through and found all the files that are linked and so forth so even though I didn’t fix the majority, I now have a greater knowledge and what pleases me the most I the focus I gave to try and fix these. The ones I did fix I successfully managed to push to Git enabling them to be deployed live.