With the end of my contract as well as the original targeted end date of the project, fast approaching, the intensity of workload has increased with the aim of successfully reaching all given deadlines. While still waiting on database tables to be created, continuing with using dummy JSON was the main priority. After correctly creating the necessary files in the backend to allow the passing through of the data. As we are using angular modals as a user-friendly means to present the information for the user, this presented a tricky situation in getting the JSON data to display on it. For a still unknown reason, an extra controller had to be created for the actual modal itself before the data successfully displayed even though all the methods used were present in the main controller. With this working it allowed a quick way of getting back end data to display in other places as the code could mainly be replicated with slight adjustments taking into account certain factors. Using html tables proved useful as the data could be allowed repeat in the rows.
Seen as the project was at the stage whereby making any more progress without consulting the division who it is being built form would be naïve as the progress could be in vein if they decide its not to their liking, a proper meeting was arranged at their offices in Dublin Castle where myself and the other would present the project from stretch to three people – the business sponsor, the division head and another member of the divisions team.
With the nature of the schedule, this meeting was scheduled at three and a half days’ notice which was far from ideal from my point of view as a lot of loose ends had to be tidied up. At a meeting it was decided I would try build the application form as to give them a flavour of all aspects of the project. On GitHub the estimated finishing time for this issue was much greater than the notice so the days beforehand turned out to be ones of extreme busyness. In between working on the application form, the specifics of the presentation had to be set. Trying to create the application turned out to be difficult and I ran into a lot of problems. The general design was completed using HTML and CSS but actually saving the data inputted into the JSON files provided too much in too little time so the decision was made that the design was sufficient to give them a platform to add feedback. 
The meeting itself was something that didn’t really daunt me as I was obviously familiar with what I was demonstrating as I worked on it for the past few months. The setup of the room had a computer hooked up to large television for everyone to see. When demoing the project everything was went over with a fine-combed by the members of the corporate services division with many questions asked. Overall, they were happy with the progress but suggested many recommendations. Everything they recommended was noted so it could be implemented in due course. After the meeting, the notes of the meeting were emailed and then condensed into separate GitHub issues with specific time estimates which allows for any deadline changes. 
With time passing and the meeting out of the way, next up was to create the database properly and connect it up. This was especially important now as continuing on using JSON dummy data would be pointless with the endpoint being reached as developing any further JSON code would have to be code specific for JSON, not reusable code we can use when the database is up and running. The process of creating the stores for the database is handled by another team in the building, sending over to them the different tables, rows and columns, which we went over again bearing in mind feedback received from the meeting, is sufficient and this is currently in progress.
At the meeting it was agreed that a test environment would be set up to allow a greater range of feedback from all members of the corporate services division instead of just the three who attended the meeting. It is expected that a whole lot of feedback will be acquired from the creation of the test environment as the higher the volume of people with experience, using it, the more opinions and feedback will be given. This test environment is also in the process of being created.
