	At the beginning of the month a big meeting to do with the project I am currently working on was held with the go between our department and Corporate Services Division present. Discussed at the meeting were a number of things including many questions being answered. However the main thing to come from it was the application form format. CSD gave a brief presentation as well as a handout on their current Microsoft word style with a few suggestions they had to implement. On the whole the actual design isn’t an issue as its quite basic but down the line working on the basis of this template while developing may run into difficulties because it’s not tailored for an online scenario.
	Soon after this meeting I developed a mock-up based on the form received although it is not final it will help act as a guide which will allow me to develop around.
	A major change in the structure of the project team occurred shortly after this meeting with a new tech project lead brought in to bridge the gap between the technical side of things and the application. This brought about major change to how I worked and how I will work for the reminder of my time here. Although we always had a weekly progress meeting, the process has been wholly formalized. Now there will be a daily stand up meeting held at rigid times where each team member has to state what they did, what they’re doing and any issues they encounter. In conjunction with this we are using the GitHub issue tracking board so the first thing I had to was go through the whole project and find all the work which needs to be done, no matter how miniscule, and create a unique issue on GitHub for each. Then a time estimate must be put on each issue, from this a calendar was created to specify the exact date the project should be finished.
	Although we were working on JSON dummy database files, this was placed to one side as instead I decided to fix up many of the small time estimate issues just to remove them from the backlog. For example minor HTML issues were still present like missing columns, random question mark boxes and no standardized case on the actual project. Using different name cases to save files, which came from team members using camel case while some others didn’t, and the project being merged, led to problems pushing and pulling on GitHub. To overcome this I had to learn many new Git commands because the issue keeps prevailing but there is a work around which includes updating, forcing a branch change, deleting and then recreating another branch.
	In addition to the daily stand up meetings, longer meetings also take place whenever something bigger has to be discussed. In one of these, after an early mock-up on a whiteboard, it was decided to focus on creating entity diagrams for the database and have these final before any work on the back end can start. The entity diagram will also be sent to CSD for final approval. I worked along with the other intern on created this which was complex in nature due to the many different attributes present when general staff details, general interview derails and general job details are considered. It must also adhere to the format of the Revenue database. Primary keys, foreign keys and names had to be carefully chosen. When complete it had to be presented to the team were many suggestions were taken on board. 
	At another one of these meetings a whole project entity model which takes into account business logic was created and discussed. The main purpose is to get a clearer understanding of the project more for the future phases beyond my time here, which will not affect me as my current role as it is clear to develop what we have been developing to try finish the current scope by the end of July.
	After this was completed – it was agreed to use JSON to get started on mocking user data. The JSON were created using mockaroo and the exact entity diagram which will help when the tables are in the database as not much code should have to be rewritten. With help from the software developer, different classes and controllers were created in java in the backend to manage the four different JSON files. After a few minor problems, these allowed the files to then be accessed in the front end. Firstly to ensure everything was working fine, the information was displayed to the browser console raw. Then I started to work on displaying specific information into targeted modals which is not as straight forward as I previously thought, so work on this is still ongoing. 
