Starting off the placement I had to first report to revenue HR offices in Dublin Castle or Corporate Services Division to be exact. The main reason of this was to sign all the contracts but this is the first place I learned what my exact role entails and what I will be working with as straight off the bat a senior member of CSD came by to state that two of the ten interns in the room would be working with closely with on an internal web application, one of which was me. Upon first entry to the building in Castle View where I will be based, a brief presentation followed along with a general tour around the building and then each intern would be split into their respective teams. The team I joined was the Programme Management Office or PMO for short which is a team of about thirty employees. An informal meeting with the team followed. The head of the PMO is Mairead although the Product Support Team Leader, Alan is the person I will be working closer with and reporting to. The main role of the PMO is developing and enhancing new and existing in house applications of all ranges.
	As the first week progressed the other intern in PMO and I worked a lot closer to the main software developer, Donal. The main majority of the first week was devoted to setting up the correct environment on the computers. It proved to be extremely time consuming as the software to get the correct servers aligned with the Spring framework IDE of which all Revenue projects are done on, something I have never experienced before. So many rules, dependencies and exceptions to the firewall as well as just the general installation of both Spring and Wamp Server. Donal was needed to show all the intricacies of the system which I need to know as this may have to be done again. 
	I was assigned the specifics of the assigned project attributed to me in a meeting where a thirty page business requirement spec contained all the information for the scope of the project - an internal Revenue job web application which will allow for a system of all six thousand revenue employees to apply internally for jobs with the ability to track applications throughout the whole process in the web application. The project will be making use of standard web development languages like HTML, CSS and JavaScript but also mainly AngularJS in the front end and Java in the backend. The requirement spec followed the priority system of MoSCoW analysis which I am familiar with and provides a ranking and timeframe of what needs to be done and when.
The majority of the project being developed in an language I have no experience in – AngularJS means a huge amount of self-learning has been required with a lot of time spent trying to get a grasp of AngularJS. Many resources like videos and online tutorials emailed on to me have proved to be helpful to bring me up to speed so I can start developing as soon as possible.
	Weekly scrum meetings started on the second week as we are following the agile development methodology, to track progress and state what will be hoped to be achieved over the week. Five team members were present in the first one and at this stage of the project, learning and getting up to speed seems to be the main thing expected. Going forward Jira software will be used to aid these.
	The main bulk of the first half of the second week was devoted to practising Angular but there was another visit to CSD at Dublin Castle for a formal meeting with four members of the division in relation to the project where a run through of the current manual process they currently use for internal recruiting was given. It was interesting that the longer the meeting went on the greater the scope and requirements changed so until the definite requirements in the form of a functional requirements document are given is when I can get a clear picture of the required output.
	Towards the end of second week and to be completed into the third week, the software developer sent over a list of tasks ranked in difficulty to be completed on current web applications which contain bugs currently in use internally in Revenue which ranged from issues with HTML, CSS to JavaScript and Angular problems. The main aim was to aid in our learning of what I will be using for the project as well as using Git to create branches, upload and merge our code where it will go live thus allowing me to gain prerequisite knowledge and confidence in all technologies. 
	Although I only managed to complete some of the given tasks, just trying to fix these was a huge boost to my self-esteem. I spent days working through each one while trying to find a solution. Without fully grasping at the time I was gaining familiarity in the environment and the huge amount of different files used to build these although tutorials are a great aid in knowing the concepts they don’t show you the vast work environment it is to be coded in.  When an error was found I went through and found all the files that are linked and so forth so even though I didn’t fix some, I now have a greater knowledge and what pleases me the most I the focus I gave to try and fix these. The ones I did fix I successfully managed to push to Git enabling them to be deployed live once they are reviewed. 
	As the code I was working off was an older version I was able to use the GitHub logs to track changes to a more complicated functioning deletion button. This allowed me to gain an insight into solving a problem of greater difficulty with Angular.
A	t the end of the third week work started on the project which involved setting up a Skelton of the application to be worked upon.



