	I commenced project work by starting on the project homepage of which I have a bit of creative leeway. As this project is a team effort between the other intern and I, while the software developer will help while he can, we decided to split the project up into sections and use GitHub to merge the project when the time comes. Within a day or so I had a rough looking skeleton formed by a combo of HTML, CSS and a slight bit of Angular and keeping in the theme of other internal Revenue web apps. A scrum meeting followed where I presented the shell of the project homepage. A small bit of superficial feedback was received but at this stage of the design a lot more work was needed before serious feedback can be given.
	After several delays due to weather I kept developing on my own initiative on how it should look and function. On a design front the main challenge was to keep it consistent with other internal Revenue web applications because this will have to sit alongside them. This proved both an advantage and disadvantage as while I had something to base design off, it was also extremely complicated trying to follow the flow of the code contained in these if I wanted to apply elements contained onto mine. I decided to develop modals on the majority of pages using bootstrap and created tabs inside these with HTML, CSS and JavaScript to help concise information. 
	As a way of helping me understand concepts, the software developer recommended I start some simple functionality tasks involving connecting the back end to the front end even if they have to change as the project goes on, as developing functionality will take up most of the time in the coming months. To do this I have to connect the front end to the backend using Angular and Java. I was sent an email with a brief tutorial on how current web apps function along with obstacles I may face and steps I should I take. As my first piece of proper independent working with the backend at first it was extremely daunting. However when broken down into small parts and with help, I managed to first change static text relating to details of a person into editable text boxes at a click of a button with any changes saved into the database.
	At yet another scrum meeting, more feedback was received while with what’s expected of myself was clearly laid out which is have something more functional to show the Corporate Services Division. As part of creating a functional specification document, screenshots and descriptions on the flow of screens had to be sent and discussed with another team member who was creating this document to be sent to CSD.
 	On the main project landing page I managed to incorporate the changing of staff details allowing users to simply press an edit button to allow editing of their details. At first as there are ten separate details for example name, division etc., I had ten identical edit and save buttons. However based on feedback received I decided the appearance of such cluttered the screen too much so instead I made one general edit button and a general save button which appears only after the edit button has been clicked. As the individual staff details come from a central database and any changes made had to update the central database for it to work properly and this led to a slight issue with central security which resulted in the saving of details having to be done in a perhaps cumbersome manner by having to pull down information, save and then push the info back up.
 	The general systems used by the company all received a major update which resulted in having to upgrade the backend java system. As I originally hadn’t updated when the notification email was received, it resulted in a temporary unavailability of the server and it proved a challenge to update which a lot of things needed to be manually found and updated. To even figure this out, I needed help from the software developer who sent on a lot of the files he used when updating. Eventually it got back up and running.  
	With a member of the corporate services division coming over within the week for a meeting surrounding the direction of the internal transfers project, having all docs like the functional spec up to scratch and having a working demo of the website proved to be of a high priority. A major clean-up of links and just a general touch up had to be achieved as  this meeting will be central for the future direction of the project and what it should function like so having it the best it can be for the moment was important. I was sent on the functional requirement spec document of 23 pages to review. I also had to make note of any questions or things I’m unsure of for them to be asked at the meeting. These mainly surrounded around thoughts on the project design and if anything else should be included. I also provided a quick demo of my end in the weekly scrum to get the up to date.


